---
layout: post
title: Week 6 ( 11 July - 17 July )
---

I survived the sixth week of CS 373: Software engineering!!

What did I do this Past Week :

This past week I spent most of my time working on the final phase of our group project. The final phase went more somoothly than first and second one because there wasn't too much work left to do and we also started early. We also had to prepare a presetation about our over project and present it to our fellow classmates. The last two classes were solely dedicated for group presentations. I really enjoyed watching oyher group presenations and learning from them. Finally, I started studying for our upcoming last test. I want make sure that I cover all the material before the exam day.

Overall Experience in this class:

Overall, Software engineering with Downing was challenging and at the same time an enriching experience. I learned how to use so many software tools like apiary, git, flask, travisCI etc.I learned how to write and work with API'S and how to create a website and host it on a server. I enjoyed his lectures because they were interactive and he made sure that we participated during lectures by frequently calling on students to answer a question. His lectures mainly comprised of going through code with us in class. During lectures Professor Downing also made us work in groups to solve a specific exercise. His daily quizes were good but my only complain would be the lack of time. Some of the quizes were hard to solve in just 4 minutes. I enyoyed the projects eventhough some of them were hard to finish in a week given the fact that its a summer session. I would say my best project was the last project(IDB).This is because I got to learn so many software engineering tools and it gave me a good practice of how it feels like to work on a real project in a company. In summary, we were taught Python, XML and mySQL, refactoring methodologies, and creational patterns. We learned refactoring methodologies for the purpose of rewriting or updating existing software, which is a crucial part of software engineering. Lastly, we were introduced to a select few design patterns so that we may have some base tools to utilize so that we can make better choices while designing our software.
In conclusion, I believe taking Professor Glenn Downing's software engineering course is a key element to one's education because you will learn so much, which will eventually help you in your future career. 

Tip-Of-The-Week :

Start studying for the second test early and study with peers!!!

Thank You Professor Downing!!!!! 
