---
layout: post
title: Week 6 ( 11 July - 17 July )
---

I survived the sixth week of CS 373: Software engineering!!

What did I do this Past Week :

The past week I spent most of my time working on the second phase of our group project (IDB). This was a very stressful week because one of our group memeber was away for a week so we had to do his work. It took us a really long time to finish the second phase because of shortage of man labour and we had a lot of trouble scrapping our data. We also learned SQL in class. I love SQL, so it was with great pleasure that I was learning it. The quizzes have become harder than before but I keep pushing and working harder.

What's in my way :
My group had a lot of challenges with phase 2 of project IDB. It took us so many hours just to be able to scrap the data since we couldnt find an api for it. In addition, working with several members in a team can be  quite difficult because some people may not do their part of the job and this brings the whole team behind. I find it more convenient to work with fewer people because when dealing with several students, it quite hard to get a hold of everybody. I guess that is good practice of how it feels like to work on a real project in a company.

What I will do next week :

Next week, will be a stressful one because we have to get done with phase 3 and at the same time study for test 2. I will make sure that I manage my time effectively next week because I need to have a good grade in the second test. In addition, I will make the best out of the last week in sofware engineering and make sure that I stay focused.

Tip-Of-The-Week :

My tip for the week is to make friends in class. This is very important because you will be able to study with those friends which in  turn will help you understamd the material better and in addition, you will improve on your interpersonal communication skills. Finally, always keep pushing and nver give up.

On to the last week!!!!! 
