---
layout: post
title: Week 2 ( 13 June - 19 June )
---

I survived the Second week of CS 373: Software engineering!!

What did I do this Past Week :

Last week we learned about iteration and the Professor spent a lot of time explaining our secong programming assignment. I actually enjoy the second assignment betterthan the first.In the second Project we have to predict netflix's movie ratings. So far I like the dynamic of the class. Last week my quiz grades dropped a little bit, so I have to ensure that I study harder inorder to get higher grades. To have a good grade in the quizes, you have to read the assigned book chapters and review what was done during the previous lecture. The second Programming assignment is due next week tuesday and Professor Downing took about almost a whole class lecture to explain the project in detail to us. This was very helpful because it gave me a good idea of what I was expected to do.

What's in my way :

My partner and I were able to get our RMSE for project 2 lower that 1, so that is awesome. We just have minor issues with getting travis CI to build correctly. Also taking three summer classes is not easy. It requires a lot of discipline and I am happy that I am still on track.er classes in addition to cs 373. I hope my grades continue to be good in this class.

What I will do next week :

Next week my partner and I will finish up with the assignment and submit it hopeffully but monday evening. I will also read the assigned chapters since some quiz questions come from there.

Tip-Of-The-Week :

Pair Programming is awesome!!!! For project 2 work with a partner. You learn from each other and you actullay make a new friend.

On to week 3!!!!!
